New Editing Section Navigation and Docs (#244)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: changelogs/2022-12-05_11ty-out-of-beta.md

title: Full support for Eleventy
type: major
---

> This release adds full support for Eleventy in CloudCannon. Try Eleventy with your own custom site or with [one of our templates](https://app.cloudcannon.com/editor#sites/templates/eleventy). Read our documentation for details on how to [configure your Eleventy site for CloudCannon](/documentation/articles/introduction-to-editing/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds full support for Eleventy in CloudCannon. Try Eleventy with your own custom site or with [one of our templates](https://app.cloudcannon.com/editor#sites/templates/eleventy). Read our documentation for details on how to [configure your Eleventy site for CloudCannon](/documentation/guides/eleventy-starter-guide).
```
